well howdy there internet people it's
beau again
so today we are going to talk about
biden's foreign policy
should he be elected if you have watched
this channel for any length of time
you know that foreign policy is
something i keep up on and i think it's
really important because it impacts
everything you also know
that because trump decided to take a
very hands-on approach to it
it is currently a complete failure
it is an unmitigated disaster in pretty
much every respect
not to put to find a point on it um
i have expressed doubts about biden's
ability to fix
this to clean up trump's mess because
it's a big one
and it requires a lot of expertise that
he doesn't really have
biden apparently had the same concerns
um
he apparently uh understands his
limitations
he has established a foreign policy team
that in and of itself is nothing every
presidential candidate
puts together a foreign policy team to
advise him
biden built a second state department
it's got 2 000 people it is divided into
working groups
the names that we have access to some of
which have been published and some
are rumor mill um
they're incredibly appropriate they're
the exact people needed to clean up this
mess
it's it's actually impressive to be
honest
okay so everything i'm about to say here
needs to needs to have a couple of uh
disclaimers in front of it one this is
assuming
that the names we have are accurate
and that they carry over to the
administration and that biden listens to
them
because you can have a pool of brilliant
people at your disposal but if you don't
use them it doesn't do any good
the other part of this is that
we have to keep in mind uh and a lot of
people on this channel need to remember
this
specifically this is
in pursuit of american foreign policy
so this is still about maintaining the
american empire
the difference is this foreign policy
would be unlike
anything we have seen in my lifetime
um it's a very different crew of people
there are some holdovers from
the obama era but not many
and they were the more
those more likely to try to establish
trade then use force
in most cases there there are a couple
that you're like
one of these is not like the other type
of thing
okay so as long as we understand those
things
we can guess a little bit first is that
president biden would have access to
information
and by that i mean he has working groups
established to everywhere to every
country
every region not just those that are
important geopolitically
um everywhere and the people associated
with these working groups
they're appropriate they're people who
know what they're doing
so unlike trump who only knows what the
leadership of the country tells him
biden would have access to information
that could help him gauge
how american actions would be read by
the average
person in those countries whether or not
he takes that into consideration during
his decision making
is an entirely different question but he
would have access to that information
and putting it together this early
leads me to believe that he would want
to use it
this is going to be a surprise to
anybody familiar with obama's
foreign policy there are a whole lot of
people
on the published list and in the rumor
mills um
that are really for arms control not
domestic arms control i'm talking about
international arms control
making sure certain countries don't get
missile systems for example
um a lot of them so many that
it is safe to assume that that would be
a key piece
of biden's foreign policy
another thing is that there are a whole
lot
of lgbtq people
now this could just be decent hiring
practices so they're not discriminated
against
or it could mean that
the biden administration plans on
attempting to reassert the united states
as a defender of human rights and trying
to speak for the rights of
marginalized people not just this
community but religious
and ethnic minorities as well
or again it could just be you know
they didn't discriminate against them
and it's it's sad that
you you don't know which um
but there are enough of them to make
to create speculation that that's going
to be a part of
his foreign policy he has a separate
working group
dedicated to racial injustice in the
united states
now if you work for the trump
administration you're probably saying
what does that have to do with foreign
policy
well stephen the uh
the way our domestic law enforcement
agencies act
limits our ability to curtail
the mistreatment of dissidents in other
countries if
for example the leader of the united
states was talking about dominating the
streets
and america's law enforcement agencies
were very visible
in their attempt to do that it makes it
impossible for the united states to
speak up for dissidents
overseas because we behaved as bad or
worse
as the country we want to chastise these
are dissidents
who might be friendly to the united
states who we might want to help
this is a consideration the trump
administration
never would have even thought of
and biden has a working group dedicated
to it
before the election
that's actually pretty impressive it
would be incredibly
pro-refugee now let me
differentiate between immigration
enforcement and refugees
enforcement is domestic that's not
uh that doesn't have anything to do with
what we're talking about right now
we don't have a read on that immigration
is different from being a refugee
now we don't know much about the
immigration stuff yet
the those who we have access to or who
are rumored to be involved
are very pro-refugee and they understand
international law they understand that
we are violating
international law we are violating our
own laws we are violating
our obligations under the constitution
um
and i would assume that with the people
they have
that a lot of trump's policies
would disappear overnight
they're not going to want to maintain
them for any length of time at all
because
they're illegal so that's that's a win
now these are not people who would go as
far as say i
would want them to go but it is light
years
beyond what the trump administration has
or obama
um so
that's good
all of this is great but we do need to
keep in mind that
even though many of those
who are involved with this alleged to be
involved with this
are the type who would want to switch
america from being the world's policeman
to being the world's emt
it would still be being the world's emt
in pursuit of maintaining american
dominance
that isn't going to change so even with
all of this good news
understand it's not about creating a
better world
it's about maintaining american
supremacy
although i would suggest that doing it
through trade
is probably better than doing it through
force
so at the end of the day assuming all
the information we have is true
this is a crew that could actually undo
most of the damage trump has done some
of it is irreparable
but they could fix a lot of it
now again this requires biden to
actually listen to him
we don't know that he would do that but
what we do know
is there are enough foreign policy
experts willing to
help at this stage that if he decided to
take it seriously
he would have access to
pretty much anybody he wanted that knows
what they're doing
so take that as some good news for the
weekend i guess
anyway it's just a thought y'all have a
good night